hello people here is repeated too
today there is a new episode cod
news because it's pretty interesting
news about the next dlc from advance
week out and that to it
change that's the name of the cc that was already
own pretty long clear and yes
even from the official side of
but sledgehammer games confirmed
of course did not know when the dlc
will appear and what all dcp
content
since yesterday you know now more than on
official site of sledgehammer games
they have me on facebook and on
twitter posted a picture where you can see
what the whole dlc involves and did
you also have a few screenshots
I wanted to publish and I wanted to
Now make a video and catch it now
We first with the
day of publication and that is the 31st
march first for xbox live members that
means people who own an xbox 360
or an xbox of that can ec
From the age of 31 , others play
People who have a pc or a playstation
unfortunately have to have a month again
wait then there are four again
new multiplayer cards for a time
244 climate perplex and topshop and on
I would not continue this now
Yes, there was one more
small description to each card but
I do not really want that now
I will read to you in the
Link description in any case
or the other screenshots too
these cards
but now I will first to the
next thing and go to the
new weapon or rather said is so new
he does not care about who around wolf
which is already longer in the trade or
have a season pass for the people
on the xbox 360 or on the xbox
they want to play this already
time about two three weeks I think
and he off because I would
probably also for the playstation
or for the pc player
be available and you have to
of course have a season pass
otherwise if you do not have a compass
Can you get this weapon if you can
the dt buys and that is kind of a4
also such an energetic weapon the
you can either play as a light mg
Can or is a shotgun
not really one
actually a pretty good weapon i
faith is one
really if the weapon if you do not
patched because I heard it
should be pretty good, maybe
a bit too good, but I'm like that anyway
I can do little multiplayer games there
a little less from own experience
then there is a new thing to talk about
and indeed a new ability in the
multiplayer that means it will be one
enter the arms of the wehr people
have already played campaign
know on the one to higher levels
just can pull with son
enter and that will be in this
playlist in this essentials playlist
be available
I'm pretty curious how the whole then
because it will have to be somehow
so be that on certain things
or in certain places then
can hold around then so over to
I'm really looking forward to it like that
all brought in with it and yes
I will also probably times
Try and now we come
probably the most important and
besides that, my people or mine
subscribers probably want to know
the new ex combo card the hostess
faction and yes there was one
small description I in German
translated and this is it
sends cc also brings a new card
for exodus the returning celebrities
occupation of John Malkovich Bill Paxton
Ross McGanan and Sean Penn fight great
with 10 and nails through and words and
combo hoard around them in their fight
as well as to help bring the
players another arsenal of weapons
and case can use and if they are one
longtime fan of the offender are able
she a familiar fast food chain in
discover the zombie-filled ruins yes
It is time for another one
travel to burger town
you've heard burger sound it will be
give again and in the background
count also in burger town sign me
have a screenshot for you
where you all this a bit more
but look bigger, I'm pretty
looking forward to it all at once
burger ton koopman times out of mw2
can the man still with the mission
bourgeoisie or from the
campaign the citizen town or on time
but also represent bourgeois faith
if I did not quite care about everyone
I'm pretty curious and me
also cool that he also old
reinstall things as now
burger town he does not see you otherwise
really much on the small picture two
things are still extremely noticed and
though the two bigger zombies in the
foreground to one of the shafts or
the middle zombies are pretty g8
pretty crazy and sick for he has
Show that strong body and I can
I just do not think about this hobby
that's another and new zombie
Type of species will be like, for example
zombie with spines that is because you
you might get that touch
more harm or if you kill him then
somehow the rigid ones acquire
weggesprengt and you come along with harm
if a sting he could hit you
imagine a pretty cool thing
and then there is the left zombie
pretty much noticed then pretty much
heavily armored and so rather attracts
bit after the boss zombie out though
maybe it's just one
other zombie art and yes that special
it's just that he's on top of him
his back a rocket launcher or a
Machine gun I want so sick
if it suddenly pointed to the skis
with rocket or so when quite
be curious how these zombie species are
In any case, you will see these
look at two zombies in the foreground
what they will bring with them and
Now I've said yes I'm in
screenshot nor was also
posted on the twitter and on
the facebook page of call of duty resp
sledgehammer games and you can see that
here again in large citizens trust
or a section of the
card and what will actually only
noticed that you still there
somehow go underground
back there on the side I'm going to
then to and otherwise nothing falls
further one also sees one behind
probably the shopping center is called
and yes, you can see one more
open manhole cover probably
Only zombies will bonn
I could only imagine that
that was the same with outbreak
otherwise yes, nothing is actually
Another eye-catching in one looks
I just do not know anything
exactly if that is still some wall weapon
or maybe that's the 3d
Printer is unfortunately only possible here
to see a pizza bad otherwise
it's not that noticeable
is indeed that it was now actually
already to the newest news in the
adventure of r & d c number two ends it
if there are new things because
soon he will also be a teaser
probably will follow again then
Of course, I upload that again
and an analysis on main channel
I hope you have the video
please see you next time
Europe